---
layout: page
title: Library
#lead: Lead text

youtube: "QfAisrn52N0"
#thumbnail: http://b.vimeocdn.com/ts/442/873/442873103_640.jpg
---

Each campus has its own library providing a wide range of books, journals, music, film and electronic resources relating to the courses taught on the campus.

You can use both libraries and books can be sent for you, to the library where you are studying.

Academic Liaison Librarians are subject specialists for each course who can offer training and one-to-one guidance on research to all students.

The Library Helpdesk will help you to find resources, use the self-service machines, make online reservations and offer advice on how to make best use of the Library resources and spaces. There are spaces for group study, quiet and silent study, with Wi-Fi throughout.

From 16 September, for three weeks, a Library fayre and tours of the Library in The Exchange will be available.
Library tours will be run on Mondays and Fridays for 3 weeks, starting on the hour between 11am and 3pm (ie 11am, 12pm, 1pm and 2pm). You can book a place by emailing library@fxplus.ac.uk or just turn up on the day. Tours will start at the Library Helpdesk (Level 1, The Exchange building). Student Ambassadors will also be on hand between 11am and 3pm to informally help with any queries.

A Library fayre will also be available at both the Falmouth and Penryn campuses. Various activities will be on offer to give you an introduction to the library. They’ll be fun competitions with the opportunity to win amazon vouchers, technology demonstrations, free giveaways and more!

Please come along, we look forward to meeting you there!

|label|detail|
|:---------|:----------|
|**Where we are**|The Exchange, Penryn Campus Level 1 & 2<br />Library, Falmouth Campus|
|**Email**|library.fxplus.ac.uk|
|**Website**|library.fxplus.ac.uk|
|**Facebook/twitter**|@fxlibrary|
|**Telephone**|01326 370441 *Library, Penryn Campus*<br />01326 213815 *Library, Falmouth Campus*|

