---
layout: page
title: Student Support Services
youtube: "1q1cgfD5efs"
---
**Student Support Services** are here to provide confidential, one-to-one advice and guidance to enable you to make the most of your university experience. Student Support Services comprises Living Support, Wellbeing, Multifaith Chaplaincy and the Day Nursery.

**The Living Support** team can support, advise and point you in the right direction with all sorts of issues such as general student life, academic issues, housing, living in the community, personal relationships and general worries. If you don’t know where to turn, are concerned about your own welfare or the welfare or behaviour of others around you then the Living Support team are here for you.

**Wellbeing Services**:

·         **Accessibility Advisors** provide help, support and advocacy for students with disabilities (e.g. physical, sensory, mental health) and those with Specific Learning Difficulties (SpLD) including Dyslexia or Dyspraxia. They will also advise students on eligibility and claiming  Disabled Students Allowance (DSA)
 
·         **Counsellors** offer you a safe space to explore things that are troubling you. Your counsellor will respect your confidentiality; they will not give advice or judge you and will work alongside you to find your way forward.
 
·         A **Wellbeing Caseworker, Mental Health Mentor and a Wellbeing Project Worker**, work with students to promote better mental health, and help support you if you are experiencing anxiety, stress and other mental health problems.
 

**The Wellbeing Centre** is located in Glasney Village, Penryn Campus. It brings together an enhanced primary health care service and Multifaith Chaplaincy in an area which supports both health and spiritual wellbeing. There is a quiet Oasis Room for prayer or contemplation and an assessment service for students who are in the process of applying for Disabled Students Allowance. 

**Your Health**

Doctors clinics are run at the Wellbeing Centre 5 days a week during term time. If you live at Penryn and wish to use these clinics, please register with the Penryn Surgery. Tel, 01326 372502. If you are based at the Falmouth Campus, we have a list of doctors surgeries that you can use.

**The Multifaith Chaplain** and her team are here to provide spiritual and emotional support to all students and staff regardless of faith or lack of it.

<br/>

|label|detail|
|:---------|:----------|
|**Where we are:**|**Penryn Campus** – in the Tremough House Annex, first floor<br/>**Falmouth Campus** – on the ground floor of the Kathmor building|
|**Email:**|[studentservices@fxplus.ac.uk](mailto:studentservices@fxplus.ac.uk)|
|**Telephone:**|Penryn - 01326 370460<br/>Falmouth - 01326 213735|
|**Website:**|fxplus.ac.uk/study/student-support-services|
